为下载页添加 GIF 动图 & 优化文案 (#183)
HMCL-dev/HMCL-docs: _downloads/linux/loongarch64.md

![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.hmcl.net%2Fdownloads%2Flinux%2Floongarch64.html&count_bg=%233E4245&title_bg=%233E4245&icon=&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=%F0%9F%91%80&edge_flat=false)

> 龙芯平台存在 **新世界** 和 **旧世界** 两个 ABI，不同 ABI 的 Java 暂时互不兼容。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
龙芯平台存在 “**新世界**” 和 “**旧世界**” 两个 ABI，不同 ABI 的 Java 暂时互不兼容。
```

```
sudo pacman -S jre17-openjdk
```

---

> There are two ABIs on the Loongson platform: **New World** and **Old World**. Java with different ABIs are not compatible with each other for the time being.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ABIs on Loongson platform: **New World** and **Old World**. Java with different ABIs are not compatible with each other for the time being.
```

> Please enter the command `uname -r` in the terminal to check the Linux kernel version. If your kernel version is 4.x, please download [old world](#old-world) Java, otherwise please download [new world](#new-world) Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please execute the command `uname -r` in the terminal to check the Linux kernel version. If your kernel version is 4.x, please download [Old World](#old-world) Java, otherwise please download [New World](#new-world) Java.
```

> Please execute the command `uname -r` in the terminal to check the Linux kernel version. If your kernel version is 4.x, please download [Old World](#old-world) Java, otherwise please download [New World](#new-world) Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please execute `uname -r` in terminal to check the Linux kernel version. Please download [Old World](#old-world) Java if your kernel version is 4.x, otherwise please download [New World](#new-world) Java.
```

## Old World

> If you are using the old world Loongson system, please go to the Loongson Open Source Community to download Loongson Java 17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using an Old World Loongson system, please go to Loongson Open Source Community to download Loongson Java 17.
```

> [Click here to go to the download page](https://www.loongnix.cn/zh/api/java/downloads-jdk17/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Click here to download](https://www.loongnix.cn/zh/api/java/downloads-jdk17/index.html)
```

## New World

> If you are using a New World Loongson system, please use the system's package manager to install Java 17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a New World Loongson system, please install Java 17 by using system's package manager.
```
